improve nu1605 based on feedback issues in docs. (#1370)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/errors-and-warnings/NU1605.md

# NuGet Warning NU1605

## Example 1

<pre>Detected package downgrade: 'PackageB' from 4.0.0 to 3.5.0. Reference the package directly from the project to select a different version.<br/>  'PackageA' 3.5.0 -> 'PackageB' 3.5.0<br/>  'PackageC' 4.0.0 -> 'PackageD' 4.0.0 -> 'PackageB' 4.0.0</pre>

### Issue

> A dependency package specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is, because of the [`nearest-wins`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule when resolving packages, a nearer package in the graph may have overridden a distant package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dependency package specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is, because of the [nearest-wins](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule when resolving packages, a nearer package in the graph may have overridden a distant package.
```

> A dependency package specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is because of the [nearest-wins](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule - when resolving packages, the version of the nearer package in the graph will override that of the distant package with the same ID.

Reviewer 2: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/links-how-to?branch=master#links-to-articles-in-the-same-docset

> A dependency package specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is because of the [nearest-wins](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule - when resolving packages, the version of the nearer package in the graph will override that of the distant package with the same ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dependency package specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is because of the [nearest-wins](../consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule - when resolving packages, the version of the nearer package in the graph will override that of the distant package with the same ID.
```

### Solution

> To the project exhibiting the restore error, add a package reference to the higher version of the package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To the project exhibiting the restore error, add a package reference to the higher version of the package.
```

In the example above, you would add a package reference to Package B version 4.0.0:

<pre>
  'PackageA' 3.5.0 -> 'PackageB' 3.5.0<br/>
  'PackageC' 4.0.0 -> 'PackageD' 4.0.0 -> 'PackageB' 4.0.0<br/>
  'PackageB' 4.0.0
</pre>

> Since, [`nearest-wins`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins), the direct package reference to PackageB 4.0.0 (made at level 1), will take precedence over PackageB (made at level 2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since, [nearest-wins](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins), the direct package reference to PackageB 4.0.0 (made at level 1), will take precedence over PackageB (made at level 2).
```

> Since, [nearest-wins](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins), the direct package reference to PackageB v4.0.0, will take precedence over the transitive reference to PackageB v3.5.0.

Reviewer 2: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/links-how-to?branch=master#links-to-articles-in-the-same-docset

> Since, [nearest-wins](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins), the direct package reference to PackageB v4.0.0, will take precedence over the transitive reference to PackageB v3.5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since, [nearest-wins](../consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins), the direct package reference to PackageB v4.0.0, will take precedence over the transitive reference to PackageB v3.5.0.
```

## Example 2

<pre>Detected package downgrade: Microsoft.NETCore.App from 2.1.8 to 2.1.0. Reference the package directly from the project to select a different version.<br/>
  test -> mvc -> Microsoft.NETCore.App (>= 2.1.8)<br/>
  test -> Microsoft.NETCore.App (>= 2.1.0)<br/>
</pre>

### Issue

> The mvc project specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is, because of the [`nearest-wins`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule when resolving packages, a nearer package in the graph may have overridden a distant package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mvc project specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is because of the [nearest-wins](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule - when resolving packages, the version of the nearer package in the graph will override that of the distant package with the same ID.
```

> The mvc project specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is, because of the [`nearest-wins`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule when resolving packages, a nearer package in the graph may have overridden a distant package.

Reviewer 3: I wouldn't say "the project specified" in this case.  These are implicit references which are *not* explicitly specified by the project.

> The mvc project specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is because of the [nearest-wins](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule - when resolving packages, the version of the nearer package in the graph will override that of the distant package with the same ID.

Reviewer 2: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/links-how-to?branch=master#links-to-articles-in-the-same-docset

> The mvc project specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is because of the [nearest-wins](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule - when resolving packages, the version of the nearer package in the graph will override that of the distant package with the same ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mvc project specified a version constraint on a higher version of a package than restore ultimately resolved. That is because of the [nearest-wins](../consume-packages/dependency-resolution#nearest-wins) rule - when resolving packages, the version of the nearer package in the graph will override that of the distant package with the same ID.
```

### Solution

> This specific error (with Microsoft.NETCore.App package) is improved my moving your .NET Core SDK to 2.2.100 or later. A related doc page about (Self-contained deployment runtime roll forward)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-patch-selection] may help. Microsoft.NETCore.App is an auto-referenced package that the .NET Core SDK before version 3.0.100 chooses to bring in automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specific error (with Microsoft.NETCore.App package) is improved by moving your .NET Core SDK to 2.2.100 or later. A related doc page about (Self-contained deployment runtime roll forward)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-patch-selection] may help. Microsoft.NETCore.App is an auto-referenced package that the .NET Core SDK before version 3.0.100 chooses to bring in automatically.
```

> This specific error (with Microsoft.NETCore.App package) is improved my moving your .NET Core SDK to 2.2.100 or later. A related doc page about (Self-contained deployment runtime roll forward)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-patch-selection] may help. Microsoft.NETCore.App is an auto-referenced package that the .NET Core SDK before version 3.0.100 chooses to bring in automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specific error (with Microsoft.NETCore.App package) is improved my moving your .NET Core SDK to 2.2.100 or later. Microsoft.NETCore.App is an auto-referenced package that the .NET Core SDK before version 3.0.100 chooses to bring in automatically. Also see (Self-contained deployment runtime roll forward)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-patch-selection].
```

> This specific error (with Microsoft.NETCore.App package) is improved by moving your .NET Core SDK to 2.2.100 or later. A related doc page about (Self-contained deployment runtime roll forward)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-patch-selection] may help. Microsoft.NETCore.App is an auto-referenced package that the .NET Core SDK before version 3.0.100 chooses to bring in automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specific error (with Microsoft.NETCore.App package) is improved my moving your .NET Core SDK to 2.2.100 or later. Microsoft.NETCore.App is an auto-referenced package that the .NET Core SDK before version 3.0.100 chooses to bring in automatically. Also see (Self-contained deployment runtime roll forward)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-patch-selection].
```

> This specific error (with Microsoft.NETCore.App package) is improved my moving your .NET Core SDK to 2.2.100 or later. Microsoft.NETCore.App is an auto-referenced package that the .NET Core SDK before version 3.0.100 chooses to bring in automatically. Also see (Self-contained deployment runtime roll forward)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-patch-selection].

Reviewer 2: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/links-how-to?branch=master#links-to-articles-in-other-repos-or-docsets

Reviewer 4: also note that the link here has the syntax backwards -- it should be `[text](http://link)`, not `(text)[http://link]`

> This specific error (with Microsoft.NETCore.App package) is improved my moving your .NET Core SDK to 2.2.100 or later. Microsoft.NETCore.App is an auto-referenced package that the .NET Core SDK before version 3.0.100 chooses to bring in automatically. Also see (Self-contained deployment runtime roll forward)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-patch-selection].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specific error (with Microsoft.NETCore.App package) is improved my moving your .NET Core SDK to 2.2.100 or later. Microsoft.NETCore.App is an auto-referenced package that the .NET Core SDK before version 3.0.100 chooses to bring in automatically. Also see [Self-contained deployment runtime roll forward](/dotnet/core/deploying/runtime-patch-selection).
```
